# HOTEL_MANAGEMENT_SYSTEM
Hotel Management System Java – A hotel management system is a collection of hotel software applications that keep things running smoothly. Accounting software, customer relationship management (CRM) software, and a bewildering assortment of industry-specific software are all available. 
The Hotel Management System project is a desktop application that allows a hotel manager to oversee all hotel operations online. This system is incredibly adaptable and convenient because of the interactive GUI and the ability to manage numerous hotel bookings and rooms.
The hotel sector, sometimes known as the people’s industry, is currently experiencing a qualified and knowledgeable personnel shortage. More than lakhs of workers are expected to be needed in this industry during the next five years, according to projections. Based on this hypothesis, it can be concluded that the chances of landing a reputable position in this industry are extremely high. The hotel manager is very busy and does not have the time to sit and manage the entire activities manually on paper. Therefore, this application will be user-friendly for both the admin and the user. The hotel management can efficiently administrate the system after the verification, of course. This project has services, for example, room booking, staff management, and other necessary hotel management features. Customers can view and book a room. Admin can either approve or disapprove the customer’s booking request. The customers can also view other hotel services so they can book them. Hence, the system is helpful for both customers and managers to manage hotel activities. This is very user friendly application which helps to book your room very easily.
